[Music]
this video is sponsored by Squarespace
whether you need a domain website or
online store make it with Squarespace
welcome to another how to podcast
episode today we are doing a live
episode of the creative exchange
featuring all of my favorite New York
City creators and I need some help so
guess who's and job guys it's my mom
Jeannie and I've hired her to help me
and for equipment and my friend
Christina is here Salt Lake City she's
all like so she's like I'm gonna fly on
up she helped me with some micro for the
podcast that's gonna be helped filming
not only do we have a live podcast but
there's a pop up going on John has
exclusive merch I'm doing a panel at NYU
which we need to hurry and get to and
we're throwing a hustle ny of it tonight
which is just like a crazy New York
networking party that I throw with my
friend Chris hall so Oh
are you ready Jeanne I'm ready let's do
it
so we have to go drop off the podcast
equipment and head to NYU and so we're
going over there for the first time
I haven't seen what it looks like yeah
[Music]
this new beautiful world of media is
just unbelievable and it's like
unsolvable it's the best time in history
I think right now to be a creative
person
I'm completely great that so I've never
had the dreams of being the classic
filmmaker like being on the side with
hundreds of people YouTube and new media
which is honestly just mediate nowadays
it's no longer a like a jumpstart to TV
or to film like it can be the
destination so I was on panels so the
girls will create at 73 questions for
Vogue what what is like Power Bars and
on to the next thing
so it's 3:30 the podcast is supposed to
start at fort but I'm moderating it so
it's not like I can start without me
yeah a little bit close this is all
we've had all day besides of basil we're
hungry we also hungry and we're out here
we're hustling be careful see the
beautiful New York if look how many
people are out there no it's beautiful
right now for setting up to record the
live podcast so basically we have the
same 2gh pride I'm going to have
Christina on one my friend Jacqueline on
the other and then we're just plugging
in the zoom h6 into the console
hopefully the audio turns out okay I'm
here as my homie Nick oh yeah from him
pull it up I always have my pee chance
always gotta have it and look he has oh
gee peachy murmurs this wasn't released
to anyone they were in the back stay
peachy peachy
he's always stay in peace always stay in
peachy this is your first time meeting
genie - my first time meeting genie oh
my gosh stories that I've been waiting
to tell Jeannie well like on Twitter we
talked about it but I was like Jeannie
I'm gonna see you this weekend we have a
lot of things to catch up on
I'm India well eh hey guys I'm Doulton
John hello Brett Conte and Chris Hoff
why is the specialist because we have
you guys so you spoke about like
overcoming barriers and things that make
you feel uncomfortable but one of one of
my biggest things is being really social
so how do you overcome that barrier of
today what do I say you want to push
yourself past that point you past your
comfort zone but you don't want to do it
to the point where it's detrimental to
you where you're gonna start like
getting down on yourself for like I went
out to be social and I didn't meet as
many people as I thought they wanted to
what are the things that you love that
you can balance that with so that it
doesn't seem so daunting and then just
you know break it down into really small
achievable goals instead of thinking
like oh I gotta go out and meet everyone
for me like vlogging and stuff was
actually really helpful for that because
I could talk to the camera help me feel
comfortable you know in social
situations a little bit more and then I
just kind of balance that out with
sleeping and reading India the you know
crew that you run with or people who
call themselves artists you know they're
making dope art whether it's are on a
t-shirt but in in the physical space and
what are some things that you guys have
done whether it's pop-up shops you know
just to have that community today we are
living in a time when everybody is like
oh it looks like everybody's out doing
something all the time but like they're
not like they probably took that photo a
week ago and they're actually home so I
feel like we think that everyone's like
out meeting a bunch of people but we
actually all know the same amount of
people it's just like for me it's been
about real being really deliberate with
the relationships that I choose to
cultivate everyone that I'm really close
with here who makes the same kind of art
as me and who shares the same values I
met through Instagram and actually
through like an Instagram DM thread that
I got added to that was like our girls
yeah which is so why Instagram DM thread
do you need to start today if you can
plan and be organized and kind of see
the the long haul the the plan and be
super super organized just like you said
like with your relationships as well be
super specific about where you want that
energy to be spent it's actually
something I've struggled with a lot
because spent a lot of time spending my
energy like pushing this piano and like
it's not my passion to push the piano I
just want to play
and I cut six years later like doing
after doing this I I get to this point
like I'm tired I'm like I don't want to
push this piano anymore I just want to
like play and connect and so it's
actually that that's where like Thank
You Squarespace for sponsoring this
episode of how to podcast whether your
website is for your side hustle or your
main gig your main business Squarespace
has the template for you they actually
just added eight new templates and guess
what guys my website Sarah D ChiCom is
officially ready it took me a while to
go through all the inspiration and look
through other people's site and at the
heart of it I just wanted a very very
simple site where people who are maybe
new to me or maybe brands who want to
familiarize themselves with my content
with my stuff because you all know the
reason why I get to do what I do is
because of 1/u amazing humans but to the
amazing brands that come alongside and
partner with me so that was the goal the
website I also wanted to show off my
latest gear what gear I'm using so
there's a session for that and also just
being a hug for everything I'm doing so
it's not something that you know I want
you to check regularly if you already
know me you know who Sarah Peachy is but
I just I wanted this main hub I'm so
excited that it's done it's simple but I
wouldn't have been able to make it
without Squarespace you don't have to
install patch or upgrade anything so you
know Squarespace is the one-stop shop a
lot of you beautiful humans are creators
just like myself and I think Squarespace
is the perfect place to host a portfolio
so guess what you can get a free trial
at squarespace.com and when you're ready
to make that purchase of a domain or
website go to Squarespace com
/ Sara beachy for 10% make your business
make your portfolio whatever you have in
that creative brain of yours make it was
- where's okay back to the video
[Music]
okay I'm sixteen year old girl alright I
just literally started my own brand as
of Thursday I got everything trademark a
punk head almost like I made these pants
got a misfit Slayer black flag I want to
proceed with my dream of doing this
because actually means a lot to me like
you guys like doing this okay but yeah I
just want to know like what to look out
for and how to like do things properly
without like having trouble or being
like taking advantage of in this
industry so you said you got the LLC or
okay I would definitely recommend that
when I first started fortune it only
took about a year and a half to get my
first season desist wow I didn't know
what to do I was like pretty pretty sure
I'm and then I consulted with the with a
lawyer and I was lucky I had like the
LLC though just so it protected me and
also the pants are really sick I'd love
to buy it there yeah I'll be your first
customer those are dope and clearly you
understand like trans that's a that's a
that's gonna be a huge trend in like
especially like celebrities and
everyone's aware that you know
fundamentally there's two routes of you
know becoming excessive successful
fashion business wholesale or online or
both so you know someone like red cells
and zoomies and stuff so he's selling it
to them they pay him and he also sells
online and just focus on you know
whether you what if you need to craft
relationship if you want to do wholesale
you're gonna need to you know make
samples go to shows like agenda and
stuff in Las Vegas and and you know
become become friends with buyers
you know buyers at Macy's zoomies
wherever you look your goal is if you're
going to online you know you're gonna
probably want to focus on building a
social media following put it on your
friends take a lot of pictures I think
you probably have some extra time right
now more than you will like in a few
years so learn how to take photos if you
don't know I take photos like literally
they take them put them on your friends
when we used to make skate videos a huge
thing to skate industry is to hide all
the tricks that you do until the video
gets released which can take six years
and by the time your video comes out 500
other people have done all the tricks
that you want to do so I'm sort of a
huge advocate of the opposite when I
have an idea I push it out but at the
same time it's also silly to just like
what I do is very silly to constantly
push ideas out there like I'm gonna do
this I'm gonna do this because then
people just think you're full of baloney
every
you mentioned some new exciting idea
that you come up with so the middle
ground is not to do what I do
necessarily but just I mean if you get
excited about something if you do
something cool worth talking about then
screw it you have some action to back
you up right if there's a limit from the
roof we just finished up the live
podcast knife some friends I want to
introduce you see these are everyone who
[Applause]
[Music]
look at the squad yeah and Geney my
mother gets to me all of nine years to
me Jeannie
John came and clutch he had some spare
super cushy sandals so we're gonna go
walk to get some food and then just
crush this hustle we got pizza cuz we
didn't want to dabble into the lovely
people who are catering this event its
Rosalee my accountant is involved in
globally and helped start it so it looks
delicious
and I'm so - spread a lot of it in here
major one laser one it's gonna be big
like we got a ban nightmare
[Music]
you